---
title: "Nuts & Bolts"
bg: orange
color: white
fa-icon: wrench
---

## Academic Conduct
You are expected to abide by Boston University’s Academic Conduct Code, which can be found at http://www.bu.edu/academics/resources/academic-conduct-code. Cheating on homework, quizzes, or the exams (defined here as but not limited to reproducing answers from an answer key, referring to forbidden notes to help answer questions, or copying another student’s answers) may result in penalties ranging from a failure on the specific assignment, quiz, or exam to failure for the entire course.

## Attendance
You must attend each meeting of the course to attain a good grade. I will help guide you through translations with examples and alternative ideas (mnemonic devices, helpful tips, etc.), so it will be to your benefit to attend class so as to make your homework and studying for quizzes and the exams less daunting. If you must miss a meeting for any reason, please inform me as soon as you know of the absence via e-mail, and we will correspond accordingly.

## Assessment & Grades

*Attendance and Participation:* 25%  
You must attend each class and actively engage with the material being taught (i.e., no distractions via cell phones or Facebook, no disruption of the class by having personal conversations, etc.).

*Recitation:* 5%  
You will be asked to memorize and recite ten lines of your choice from Homer’s Iliad with proper pronunciation and meter. You may complete this assignment at any point in the semester, though I recommend later in the semester to ensure you have a good grasp on dactylic hexameter.

*Quizzes:* 30%  
There will be ten (10) quizzes throughout the semester, each weighted at 3%, designed to test your mastery of vocabulary, grammar, and translation. The quiz schedule is currently TBD -- I will update at the first class meeting.

*Three (3) exams:* 40%  
There will be two midterm exams (10% each) and one final exam (20%) designed to test your understanding of grammatical concepts and ability to translate Homer, both the passages that we have read in class or in homework and passages translated at sight with appropriate vocabulary and grammatical help. The two midterm exams will be on February 15 and March 29. The final exam date is TBD.

**NOTE: If you cannot attend class and must miss a quiz or exam, you must let me know before the class meeting in order to be eligible for a make-up by e-mailing me. If you do not clear your absence with me beforehand and miss a quiz or exam, you will receive a 0% for that quiz or exam.**

The final grade will be calculated as a percentage out of 100; then, it will be converted to a letter grade according to the following scheme:

A = 95-100%; A- = 90-94%  
B+ = 87-89%; B = 84-86%; B- = 80-83%  
C+ = 77-79%; C = 74-76%; C- = 70-73%  
D+ = 67-69%; D = 65-66%  
F = 0-64%

Grades ending in .45 or greater will be rounded up to the nearest whole number; grades ending in .44 or less will be rounded down to the nearest whole number.